
Map tile metadata (DoS):
Each map tile is 2 bytes long. Unlike PoR and OoE, every map tile, even completely blank ones, have an entry here.
When these 2 bytes are equal to FFFF the tile has no fill color, only its lines (if any) are drawn.
Bytes 1-2:
  Bits 1-6: Room index of the room located here. Unlike PoR and OoE, warp rooms don't seem to use this to decide what room to place the player in. Used by the suspend function to remember what sector you suspended in.
  Bits 7-10: Sector index of the room located here. This also affects the music, as music is tied to the sector. Also seems to affect where doors will lead you? Also used by the suspend function to remember what room you suspended in.
  Bits 11-14: Unused.
  Bit 15: Warp room (blue).
  Bit 16: Save room (red) (takes precedence over warp room).

Map tile line data (DoS):
Each map tile takes up only half a byte.
  Bit 1: has left wall
  Bit 2: has left door
  Bit 3: has top ceiling
  Bit 4: has top door
Note that normally for a wall both the door bit and the wall bit will be set. But for destroyable walls, only the wall bit will be set.

Map tile metadata (PoR and OoE):
Bytes 1-2: control type of room.
  Bits 1-6: Room index of the room located here. Used by warp room and area entrance to decide where to place the player.
  Bits 7-10: Sector index of the room located here. This also affects the music, as music is tied to the area/sector.
  Bit 11: Unused.
  Bit 12: Area entrance (yellow).
  Bit 13: Transition room (no special color, but loads necessary tile data for rooms around it automatically).
  Bit 14: Secret room
  Bit 15: Warp room (blue).
  Bit 16: Save room (red).
Byte 3: Y pos on map.
Byte 4: X pos on map.

Map tile line data (PoR and OoE):
Each tile on the map takes up 1 byte.
  Bit 1: has left wall
  Bit 2: has left door
  Bit 3: has top ceiling
  Bit 4: has top door
  Bit 5: has right wall
  Bit 6: has right door
  Bit 7: has bottom floor
  Bit 8: has bottom door
Note that normally only the door bit or the wall bit will be set. But for destroyable walls, both of them will be set. This will be drawn as a wall before the wall has been destroyed, and as a door afterwards.

Map length in tiles (PoR and OoE):
Each entry is 2 bytes long. It's simply the number of map tiles that this map has, so you know when to stop reading map tiles.
