Special objects:
00 Rectangle of blocks breakable by the Balore soul.
  Var A: Number of blocks wide.
  Var B: Number of blocks tall.
01 Destructible such as a candle. Var A controls the type:
  00 The glowing lamp vessel containing a soul (with var B controlling which soul is in it).
  01-0F Just normal candles, each with a different graphic.
  10 Chest containing money.
  11-17 More candle graphics, including statues and grandfather clocks.
  18-FF Buggy candles, that have mismatched graphics, sfx, and contents, or they just don't show up at all.
02 Water level.
  Var B: The event flag for the water being lowered. Set to the same as the lever's Var B.
03 Waterfall that pushes the player downwards when they jump up into it.
  Var A: Width in pixels.
  Var B: Height in pixels.
04 Large water splashing visual and sound effects, used at the bottom of the large waterfall.
05 Used in rooms with quicksand. TODO
06 Area name shown the first time you enter an area. Var A controls which area it is.
07 Starts enemy set mode.
  Var A:
    00 Starts enemy set mode.
    01 No effect? Is used in every room of enemy set mode, even the starting room, which also have one of the ones that starts enemy set mode too.
08 Spawns enemies for enemy set mode and ends enemy set mode.
  Var A: Which room of enemy set mode to spawn enemies for (only if var B is 0).
  Var B:
    00 Spawns enemies for a given enemy set mode room.
    01 Ends enemy set mode.
09 Chair.
  Var A is the type of chair:
    00 Invisible chair.
    01 Wooden chair.
    02 Crate.
    03 Green chair.
    04 Purple chair.
    05 White chair.
    06 Blue chair.
    07 Wooden chair (same as 01).
    08 No chair.
    09 Purple chair (slightly different shading than 04).
    0A+ Invisible chair.
  Var B is the orientation:
    00 Right-facing
    01 Left-facing.
0A Mirror.
  There should also be an object 0B in the room too, or the mirror won't work correctly.
0B Mirror world.
  This should be placed in all rooms that have mirrors in order for them to work correctly.
  For pickups, entity byte 8 affects how it appears in the mirror world. 0 means it appears only in the real world, 1 means it appears only in the mirror world.
0C The control room for the sliding puzzle in the Demon Guest House.
0D Part of the big sliding puzzle in the demon guest house.
  This object acts as the walls (and number) for a room. The visuals for the walls (and number) are fixed on screen and scroll with the screen. But the physical walls are locked to the top screen. Var a controls which number room it is.
  00: Probably the empty room with no number.
  01-0F: 1-15.
  10: Just a horizontal wall visual in the exact center of the screen, no collision.
  11: Same as 10, but vertical instead of horizontal.
  12: The 3 "out arrows" in the puzzle room that show you where you can go.
  13+: The 1 "in arrow".
0E Snow effect.
0F Car with snow on it.
10 Platform moving up and down.
11 Fog effect (like in the lost village).
12 Cog.
  Var A:
    Low byte: Type of cog:
      00 Bright foreground cog you can walk on.
      01 Dark background cog.
      02 Very small dark background cog.
      03 Small dark background cog.
    High byte: Z-index of the cog.
  Var B: Spinning speed. Positive is clockwise, negative is counterclockwise.
13 Locks the screen scrolling at the top left screen and doesn't follow Soma.
14 Moving platform.
  Var A: Type of platform.
    00 From Cursed Clock Tower. Starts one screen down, one screen to the right. Moves down, then back.
    01 From Cursed Clock Tower. Starts one screen down, one screen to the right. Moves down, then back.
    02 From Cursed Clock Tower. Starts in the top-left screen. Moves down, right, up, then back.
    03 From Cursed Clock Tower. Starts two screens down. Moves up, then back.
    04 From Cursed Clock Tower. Starts in the top-left screen. Moves down, then back.
    05 From Cursed Clock Tower. Starts in the top-left screen. Moves down, left, up, then back.
    06 From Cursed Clock Tower. Starts two screens down. Moves up, then back.
    07 From Cursed Clock Tower. Starts in the top-left screen. Moves down two screens, then back.
    08 From Wizardry Lab. Horizontally moving platform that only starts moving when you stand on it.
    11 From Demon Guest House. Starts in the top-left screen. Moves down, then back.
15 Rapidly moving clouds background effect used in the very large room in the Dark Chapel.
16 Moving clouds background effect used in the Condemned Tower.
17 Invisible block that becomes visible when a Ghost hovers over it.
  Var A: Which tile graphics to use.
  Var B: Flip bits for the tile graphics.
    Bit 0: Horizontal flip.
    Bit 1: Vertical flip.
18 Long golden platform, always appears at the bottom of the first screen, and locks the screen scrolling to that screen. Used in Gergoth's tower. TODO
19 Bloody spike that spins around.
  Byte 5: ?? should be unique id for this spike in the room? giving two spikes in the same room the same id makes the second one disappear.
  Var A: Starting angle. 0000 being right, 4000 being down, etc.
  Var B: Spinning speed. Positive is clockwise, negative is counterclockwise.
1A Like 19, but the actual spike is broken off so it can't hurt you.
1B Swinging pendulum.
  Var A: 
    Least significant byte is the type of weight on the pendulum:
      00 - Small weight.
      01 - Large weight.
      02+ - Buggy, causes one of the rods that's supposed to hold up the weights to take the place of the weight.
    Most significant byte is the length of the rod.
      00 and 01 have no length.
      02-05 are intended for small weights.
      06 is intended for large weights.
  Var B: Initial swinging velocity. Can be negative. Positive means it starts swinging clockwise, negative means counterclockwise.
1C Button from Cursed Clock Tower. Blows up 1E.
  Var B: The event flag for the wall being destroyed.
1D Wooden door (for area connections).
1E Explodable wall from Cursed Clock Tower. 1C blows it up.
  Var B: The event flag for the wall being destroyed.
1F Portrait of a woman whose eyes follow you around.
20 Blockade/wall.
  Var A: Type of wall:
    0 for the blockade at the start of the game and in front of the first warp room.
    1 for the wall that divides the mirror room in the Lost Village.
    2 for a blockade like 0 but flipped horizontally (unused).
    3 for a wall like 1 but shorter and has no collision (unused).
  Var B:
    0 and it's normal (always present).
    1 and it disappears in the mirror world.
    2 and it disappears after the player has found a warp room.
21 Drawbridge.
  Var B: The event flag for the drawbridge being down.
22 Bubbles floating up through the water.
  Var A: Delay in between bubbles being created.
  Var B: Z-index of the bubbles.
23 Huge bell you can walk on.
24 The lever you pull to lower the water level in the Lost Village.
  Var B: The event flag for the water being lowered. Set to the same as the water level's Var B.
25 Boss door.
  Var A is is how the door acts:
    00 Door outside the boss room that you need a magic seal to open.
    01 Door inside the boss room that opens when the boss is killed.
    02 used for gergoth?
    03 Door inside the boss room that doesn't open when the boss is killed (e.g. the right door in mini Paranoia's room).
  Var B is the boss this door is for:
    00 N/A (Never permanently disappears)
    01 Flying Armor
    02 Balore
    03 Dmitrii
    04 Malphas
    05 Dario
    06 Puppet Master
    07 Gergoth
    08 Rahab
    09 Zephyr
    0A Bat Company
    0B Aguni
    0C Paranoia
    0D Death
    0E Doppelganger (the event in the center of the castle)
    0F Abaddon
26 Gold door that only opens when the last three digits of your gold match the number on the door.
  Var A: Which version of the door to use - 0 is 573, 1 is 777, 2 is 666.
  Var B: The event flag for the door being opened.
27 Gate in Condemned Tower that only opens with the Tower Key.
28 The button in the Dark Chapel that lowers the wall blocking the path.
  Var B: The event flag for the wall being down. Set to the same as the wall's Var B.
29 The wall that blocks the path in the Dark Chapel.
  Var B: The event flag for the wall being down. Set to the same as the button's Var B.
2A The metal gate that seals in the water in the Lost Village.
  Var B: The event flag for the water being lowered. Set to the same as the lever's Var B.
2B The destroyable floor in the Lost Village underneath the statues.
  Var A:
    0 for the floor and the animated water on the statue.
    1 for the ceiling with explosives strapped to it and the button that blows it up. (The button automatically positions itself to the upper left screen, and the explosive ceiling visually positions itself there too, but the collision on the ceiling will be wherever you set the X and Y to.)
  Var B: The event flag for the floor being destroyed.
2C Chandelier.
  Var A is the color of the chandelier:
    00 Blue.
    01 Pink.
2D Hanging spikes, disappear when you get near them?
  Var A: 18
  Var B: B1
2E Unused, crash
2F Applies a visual effect to a layer.
  Var A: The layer to apply the effect to.
  Var B: Which effect to use.
30 Save room.
  Not just the save point like in PoR and OoE, this is the whole room's graphics, and locks itself to the upper left screen. You can't collide with its tiles though, so you must still place collision tiles for this room.
  Var A: The direction of the save room:
    0 has a door on the left.
    1 has a door on the right.
31 Warp room, works just like save room.
32 Room that transports you to the abyss.
33 3D background model for either the Lost Village or the Pinnacle (the model is chosen automatically depending on what sector the room is in).
  Var A: Which camera angle to view the model from. 0 to 4.
34 The 3D background in Condemned Tower.
35 The 3D background in Mine of Judgement.
36 Cycles through palettes? Used in rooms that have tiles with changing colors.
  Var A: ???
  Var B: ???
37 The ceiling hatch and button to open it from Demon Guest House.
  Var A: 0 for the button and the hatch and the bottom of the room. 1 for the hatch at the top of the room.
38 Fades the music out to nothing. The music comes back when you leave the room. This is used in transition rooms.
39 Keys of the piano you can play from the Demon Guest House.
3A The cannon + time pillar that you need Zephyr's soul to get past.
3B The darkness barrier in the Condemned Tower that you can't get past until late in the game.
3C Yoko follower and event actor.
  Follows you around if you've triggered the event for Yoko to follow you, but only in rooms that this special object is placed in.
3D The castle in the background in the epilogue. Also permanently changes the top screen to the symbol you see during cutscenes.
3E The bouncing ball in the puzzle with touch screen blocks. It just explodes instantly if it's not inside touch screen blocks.
3F Strongman puzzle you have to hit with a hammer.
40 Unused. Yellow square TODO. Changes into what looks like tiles depending on var a. Inner square rotates depending on var b,
41 Starts boss rush, puts a timer on screen and restarts the current music track.
42 The item you get as a reward at the end of boss rush.
43 The destroyable wall in the room with the waterfall. Automatically positions itself.
44 A destroyable wall (for hiding secret rooms).
  Var A:
    0 for the ceiling in Demon Guest House.
    1 for the ceiling in the Pinnacle.
45 A button and a gate opened by the button.
  Var A: Type of gate.
    00 - Double gate with button to the right.
    01 - Single gate with button to the right.
    02 - Single gate with button to the left.
    03 - Double gate with button to the left.
    04+ - Gate only, no button.
  Var B: The event flag for the gate being opened.
46 More destroyable walls like 44.
  Var A:
    0 for the left wall in the underground portion of Lost Village.
    1 for the floor in the Lost Village.
    2 for the ceiling in the Garden of Madness.
    3 for the left wall in the Pinnacle.
    4 for the floor in the Pinnacle.
47 Hammer (can be used as a shop)
48 Yoko (can be used for weapon synth, etc)
49 Red wall with an enemy on it that opens up when you use that enemy's soul against the wall.
  Var A controls which enemy wall it is:
    00 Skeleton
    01 Axe Armor
    02 Killer Clown
    03 Ukoback
4A used in dario's garden of madness boss room. no effect?
4B That puzzle that can be zapped?
4C A consumable, like regular consumables var B controls which one it is. But why is this a special object?
4D Trigger to make a secret item (Konami Man/Crown/Bell) appear.
4E Mina Hakuba doll (only appears if Aria of Sorrow is in the GBA slot).
4F Mina event actor.
50 Hammer event actor.
51 Arikado event actor.
52 Julius event actor.
53 Celia event actor.
54 Dario event actor.
55 Dmitrii event actor.
56 Used in prologue room. Force fields?
57 The destroyable ceiling from the long room at the end of Wizardry Lab.
58 Celia on a cross. Used in Menace's room. Doesn't appear until the event causes it to.
59 Pillars of flame from the Abyss.
5A Transition room hider.
  A big entity that acts as the graphics to transition rooms to hide the fact that they have no tiles.
5B Alucard event actor.
5C used in menace's room. no effect?
=== Below are events. Var A may be an identifier for each event to check if it's been seen already or not. Var B is unknown.
5D Event - Prologue.
5E Event - Soma walking into the castle and meeting Hammer.
5F Event - Julius leaves Yoko at the drawbridge.
60 Event - Yoko talks about magic seals by the door to Flying Armor's room.
61 Event - Talking with Yoko after killing Flying Armor.
62 Event - Soma meeting Dario and Dmitrii in Wizardry Lab.
63 Event - dmitrii and the malachi in the demon guest house.
64 Event - dario in his the garden of madness.
65 Event - Arikado gives Mina's Talisman to Soma.
66 Event - Talk with Julius about the Mine of Judgement seal.
67 Event - celia warping in and talking to soma when he enters the clock tower.
68 Event - Julius defeated by Dario in the Silenced Ruins.
69 Event - throne room.
6A Event - when celia pretends to kill mina in the center of the castle.
6B Event - When Julius breaks the Mine of Judgement seal.
6C Event - menace related
6D Event - menace related
6E Event - menace related
6F Event - appears in the first room of dracula's castle. probably for julius mode, as it doesn't do anything in soma mode.
70 Event - arikado and julius in the first room of the castle after soma became the dark lord, talking about how they'll have to kill him now.
71 Event - epilogue. soma and arikado watch the castle collapse.
72 Event - epilogue. ???
73 Event - in Yoko's room.
74 Event - julius meets alucard
75 Event - Julius/Yoko/Alucard meets evil Soma in the throne room at the end of Julius mode.
